clarify structure of high availability section (#1)
ravisantoshgudimetla/enhancements-1: CONVENTIONS.md

#### High Availability

> OpenShift supports 3 deployment configurations:

Author: In fact, this isn't strictly true, since we support remote control planes via hyper shift. How do we deal with HA there?

1. The standard highly-available cluster with 3 control plane nodes
   and at least 2 worker nodes.
2. Compact clusters with only 3 control plane nodes that also run
   other workloads.
3. Single-node deployments, where 1 node is the control plane and runs
   workloads.

We focus on minimizing the impact of a failure of individual nodes in
a cluster by ensuring operators or operands are spread across multiple
nodes using pod
[anti-affinity](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/assign-pod-node/#always-co-located-in-the-same-node)

> rules so that no two pods run on the same node. This approach only

Author: ```suggestion
rules so that no two replicas of the same component run on the same node. This approach only
```

works for highly-available or compact clusters, where there are
multiple nodes.

Operators should use the [topology
API](enhancements/single-node/cluster-high-availability-mode-api.md)
to determine whether or not they can run in a highly available
configuration.

When the operator or operand wishes to be highly available and can
tolerate the loss of one replica, it should use a default
configuration based on a standard highly-available cluster with 2
workers:

* Run 2 replicas of its operand.
* Use hard pod anti-affinity based on hostname.
* Use the maxUnavailable rollout strategy on deployments (prefer 25%
  by default for a value)

If the operator or operand requires 3 or more replicas and should be
running on worker nodes

* Set soft pod anti-affinity on the hostname so that pods prefer to
  land on separate nodes (will be violated on clusters with only 2
  workers)
* Use maxSurge for deployments, if possible, since the spreading rules
  are soft

When the topology does not support a highly available configuration,

> it should

Author: ```suggestion
the operator should
```
